good morning so I just got to the site
it's um day nine I had to work yesterday
so mark did this on his own is freaking
amazing it's hard to believe that one
person can do this all by himself so
we're gonna go inside here real quick I
just got here so crawled up in the loft
yet that's where I'm headed here in a
sec so um this is what we've got going
on there's the loft above the bathroom
and I'm gonna crawl up there and then
we'll get another shot of that okay
here's the loft so that's above the
bathroom and I am sitting of course once
again tough to get a shot I'm sitting up
here it I don't know it's going to be
tight but that's tiny house smokes gonna
be cozy so I guess probably what I'm
going to do today is shop for a window
for that we didn't know exactly what the
dimensions were gonna look like or what
kind of window was going to fit in there
so that's kind of what I'm gonna
probably have to go find today or we
were going to put a skylight and I'm not
really sure but we'll put a ceiling fan
up here so that I can have some airflow
so good morning day 9 just a smidgen
so here's our next trick so he's putting
up these um stops with the the plywood
up it holds it up there so that we can
nail it in yeah pretty cool so we yeah
lift it up there and slide it on and
then just so every time we slide a board
up there have to space through those
little tiny opening there and use the
nail gun and nail it down Mark's been
nailing it down from the outside for the
first couple nails in the night nail
down the inside so I'm standing on the
tiny block Thomas Carey hey Stace it's a
smidgen so we did the roof today and
this is what she looks like it was
really hard it was a pretty big physical
workout so I don't know I'm trying to
get a good view for you guys so it's
it's not just one sheet from top to
bottom it was one sheet and then I think
I showed you earlier I have squished
through and nail in the rest and um so
mark had to take a tall ladder and do
the other side and climb up there don't
want to take you inside and show you
what what the inside looks like so
pretty cool yeah um yeah that that's
just a different colored plywood
whatever so here's your view we don't
have that framed out just bought a
window today once again more money love
it so there you are hope you guys had a
great day thanks for joining the
adventure